added docs changes for Apache, Apache Tomcat, Haproxy, IIS-10, Nginx, Nginx Ingress, Nginx Plus and Nginx Plus Ingress (#5017)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/web-servers/nginx.md

This section provides instructions for configuring log and metric collection for the Sumo Logic app for Nginx. The following tasks are required:

### Step 1: Configure fields in Sumo Logic

> As part of the app installation process, the following fields will created by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the app installation process, the following fields will be created by default:
```

* `component`
* `environment`
* `webserver_system`
* `webserver_farm`
* `pod`

> Additionally, if you are using Nginx in the Kubernetes environment, these following additional fields will be created by default as a part of the app installation process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you are using Nginx in the Kubernetes environment, the following additional fields will be created by default during the app installation process:
```

    ```
   5. Sumo Logic Kubernetes collection will automatically start collecting logs from the pods having the annotations defined above.
   6. Verify logs in Sumo Logic.
<br/>

> **FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Nginx Application Components named as **AppObservabilityNginxWebserverFER**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Nginx Application Components named as **AppObservabilityNginxWebserverFER**.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/web-servers/Nginx-Connections-and-Requests.png')} alt="Nginx-Connections-and-Requests" />

> ## Installing Nginx Monitors
> 
> import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';
> 
> :::note
> - Ensure that you have [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting) permissions to install the Apache Tomcat Alerts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installing Nginx monitors

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

:::note
- Ensure that you have [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting) permissions to install the Nginx  alerts.
```
